okay we're not actually related and I'm
pretty sure I'm older than him but
hanging out with Lucas makes me feel
like the little brother and we can't
start his AMD $5,000 ultimate Tech
upgrade until we can find some way to
get us both in the freaking
shot maybe this will work Lucas works
hard on power supplies testing for the
lab
and we can't shoot the whole video like
this cut we can't make him shorter so
we're going to have to make me taller
these are wow these are some incredible
Crocs okay how's
that Ah that's more like
it I have never used these before what
could go
wrong okay hey that's
better anyway like I was saying Lucas
works on power supply circuit and power
supply reviews on LTT labs.com I can't
believe it's taking so long for an LT
Labs member to get a $5,000 ultimate
Tech upgrade from our sponsor AMD but
here we are both high as and ready
to get to
work get it it's a it's a I got there
you're like not even that much
taller before we get to the upgrade as
is tradition we've got
a all right I think we're going to have
to lose the stilts
[Music]
if it's AMD upgrade time then it must
also be AMD sweep Stakes time you could
win one of three am5 upgrade bundles
featuring the fastest gaming CPU on the
market the AMD ryzen 79800 x3d along
with an Asus motherboard and 32 gigs of
ddr5 RAM check out the link in the
description for your chance to win I
think we're just going to have to live
with this anyway to be honest given what
a minimalist you are I don't think we're
going to find that much stuff from the
office here we don't even have the
decency to steal an LTT store water
bottle no
aha I paid for that one you think it was
probably comped there's no way you
bought this dbrand Rubik's Cube probably
used the gift from dbrand a gift from
dbrand really there's no way you bought
an Apple polishing cloth it was a gift
from who from my brother really yeah was
your brother meing no no oh this is
going to be a problem if I have to kneel
to look at something you're not going to
anyway the point is this computer is
definitely pilfered Christmas party
that's what they all say and these
dbrand dark plates another gift from
dbrand GI from dbrand I guess this
explains how debrand always knows what
I'm up to my entire staff is moles and I
don't think I'm going to find anything
else in here like literally anything
else it feels like we're bringing more
stuff in here than there already was was
is minimalism a lifestyle is it I don't
like clutter I don't know can you
explain the random sheet of cardboard
under your bed that I only know about
because I went and put my backpack in
there it's where I throw all the Clutter
so the cardboard is like a floor
protector I think it's protective yeah
and the LED strip around the cardboard
it looks cool that's a Vibe got it when
you're taller you can't see the
cardboard admittedly that is true they
do look pretty cool yeah I programmed
them myself for this r random rainbow
star pattern one piece of clutter though
that it's just
breadboarded nice actually there is one
more notable piece of clutter uh what's
going on with this right now I to buy a
car I can't bike very much so you know
maybe a new television will make you
feel better can watch them tour to
France cool let's have a look all right
there's the back of the TV so normally
we're upgrading some 's TV but now you
just like have a TV now was not having a
TV before part of the minimalism thing
or just laziness I guess I don't
know huh got a good screen on my laptop
it's funny because if I hadn't
immediately moved out with Yvonne other
than probably being like messier than
this this is probably what my place
would have been like like when we first
moved into our house even with Ivonne
and her desire for you know Furniture
and Things uh we just had a mattress on
the floor like we didn't even have a bed
frame to start with like you at least
have a bed got you there yeah yeah nice
thank you let's put the stand on and
maybe while we do that you can tell me
why you chose the LG C3 uh it's one of
the top three or four oleds they just
released a C4 but I think it's only a
bit brighter and not too much else yeah
I think it will be pretty
good especially given you're upgrading
from zero laptop yeah yeah I feel like
this is going to be one of those videos
where like half the comments are like
Linus's company doesn't pay enough
because luas can't
own anything okay where does it go you
don't by any chance have a TV stand do
you in a box yeah in two boxes oh really
I assumed like your level of minimalism
it was just going to like I'm also
taller so that might work for
some is this couch new or did you like
have a couch uh my mom insisted on it
when she came over for my surgery you
did not own a couch until your mom came
to visit you no yeah that cardboard is
from the coach so before we do the
furniture we've got to clean the floor I
noticed two things actually first I
noticed that your place is immaculately
clean like like too clean like you have
picture hangers on the wall but no
pictures on them like it's weird so then
why do you need this then it looked
really
fancy I I don't know very tempy to but
get the best of everything so it's not a
great value no no how much was this it's
like a th000
Canadian I know well I think the fancy
thing about this is there's a laser in
the head here so a what a laser so it
shows like dust or something what
there's a picture on the box I think
reveals invisible dust you didn't even
know it was
dirty if you don't know like does it
matter you can feel it you can
tell that looks like trash that looks
nothing like the picture on the box
that's not a laser turn off the lights
well no I just mean it's all on the one
side like what's their where's their
diffusion layer it's that does I mean
yeah but I could see that
already oh just there's no dust here
dude there is no dust on your floor this
place is like borderline neurotically
clean like you know that right
thanks comes with a wall mount though
are you are you okay mounting anything
on the wall like I couldn't help
noticing the previous tenant had
pictures um you were like yeah the
hangers are okay I guess but that's the
most I can handle don't like leaving a
Mark I don't know but there's already a
mark Mar you you could you could put
something on it I was thinking about
hanging my Lego map but it's very heavy
and probably wouldn't be supported by
those Lucas you keep this place so tidy
I think they'd probably be okay if you
put like a drywall anchor in the
wall look at the anxiety here this is
hilarious I'm about to break his brain
if you don't wall mount it it will go on
the floor and it would be clutter I'll
tell you what Lucas as my gift to you
when I go to Home Depot to get some
drywall anchors I will bring back a
little bit of
spackle would that would that satisfy
you sounds good okay decide where you're
wall mounting it I also I don't know if
it's in the
closet I don't know if there's power in
there probably do you want to figure it
out I got you wait wait there really got
to watch out for this this is a flip dot
display or it's like electromechanical
no way yeah it's electromechanical
display it's made of of these tiny uh
discs and they have a little magnet in
them and then underneath there's coils
of wire and you uh they flip them back
and forth using you know by running
current through the C of wire so what
are you going to use it for is it a
clock is it a expression of your not
decided yet minimalism maybe you'll just
have it all white yeah uh maybe build a
frame for it or get more of them and put
them all together but they're quite
expensive so right what's one of these
worth like
$700 oh no I left a mark on the
floor when I was sliding the table it's
really bad
I'm not
convinced need to work on your
acting his mama didn't raise no fool she
just raised someone who doesn't think
couches are necessary there isn't like a
regular outlet there's just power for
the washing machine so nope it's going
to have to be mounted somewhere else got
him under the bed no you can't put it
under the bed I think probably this
corner would work I want to see see him
put a hole in something I just I don't
know there's like kind of like a weird
almost perverse like desire to just like
watch him violate his wall I have a
broken uh hand thing
so oh like yeah I guess it's it's a it's
a lot I can't even play badminton
so sorry what were you saying about your
deposit and holes in the wall I'll just
bill you for my security
deposit all right
and ah shut
up we're charging this could be a short
extension for you you wanted it longer
right so I mean there look now you have
an extension so let's see okay how far
can you reach now oh God a lot of
articulation what happened as you get
older
well and as promised here's your putty
knife and spackle for when you're going
to need this later I'll throw it under
the bed for you oh great thanks
now why don't we talk about your
Soundbar I guess you um missed the video
we did on how you can build a full 5.1
surround setup off Facebook Marketplace
for a fraction of the cost of a soundbar
yeah that one came up a bit too late for
me to make some choices I also feel like
it really wouldn't have been your style
no I do like this one you know it's nice
compact I'm not too much of a sound guy
I don't like you know loud noises so
plus I think it's like like homekit
compatible and all that stuff so that's
nice just use it for
other ultimate contrast now your whole
thing is like you know evaluating Power
Products so surge protectors actually
necessary
Placebo um they will probably have
components in there it's hard to say
about each individual one um but yeah
they will have you know surge mitigating
components in there so good to have this
is something that drives me crazy every
TV manufacturer must know that you're
going to have a soundar under it and yet
none of them leave a spot to rut the
cable for it if I designed products they
would be different speaking of Designing
products do we have any other the power
bar mounting things yeah oh yeah yeah
yeah we do let's go magnetic Cable
Management oh wow oh this is
cute huh thanks wow those
sweds while Jordan finishes cable
managing the TV I was thinking Lucas you
and I could work on your new gaming
system
great why do you even need a new system
you just got that computer last year
it's very large um yeah you wouldn't
have any space to put something as big
as that computer all these new additions
you know got to make some room okay well
what' you go for 7800 x3d obvious choice
obviously a little bit um early to make
the decision for the new 9800 also
they're completely out of stock
everywhere because people keep buying
them way to go people and then a small
more case power supply obviously we have
a review for this one on the LTG Labs
website oh and so this one's good that's
a good one yeah good choice all right
thank you I mean you can believe him out
of literally everyone who works here
he's the one who knows what else we got
here 32 gigs of gskill memory ddr5 6000
cl30 it's pretty much your sweet spot
for am5 right now so you're carrying
over your GPU from your old system from
the existing one yes now you have a
pretty mid-range GPU in there and this
raised some questions for me uh exactly
what games are you playing such that you
need a 7800x 3D second fastest gaming
ship on the planet
basically but you like don't need a GPU
I play mostly rocket League um and oh
that happens to be a game that like runs
pretty good on yes thank you uh but a
lot of this a lot of decisions were um
Health by John at the labs as well he
knows a lot about computers so are you
building the computer do you build
computers or do you just test power SP
I've never built a computer now
well there's no time like the
present I'm excited yeah let's do it and
by let's I mean you great single monitor
extra tall TK Mount nice uh Hey Reese
are you looking for something to do do
you want to build this oh no what what
are you
building um a blue thing a blue thing
for the bike is it a stand it's a stand
yeah like a repair stand cool oh so you
are going to fix it we hope well I'll
have another bike eventually oh is that
one not fixable no it's a write off oh
the frames bent like skewed so you're
getting distracted you're supposed to be
building the computer though right he's
he's avoiding it he's worried you guys
will judge him you wouldn't do that
would
you this is better framing for the two
of us than if you stand so yep nicely
featured board got pcie Gen 5 for both
m.2 and pcie by 16 slot so you'll be
ready for future GPU upgrades got front
USB support um got a couple m.2 slots
yeah carry on don't let me get in the
way do I remove that what you do is you
lift it up without removing that okay so
just remember you damage those pins it's
game over no pressure though arrows oh
yeah now you have to do it again for the
closeup M yeah doing doing things for
the first CPU install let's go oh wow
fun fact this breaks sherrod's law of
memory installation alignment
oh no no that's right no no you were
right the first time never mind yep no
this follows shad's law shad's law
states that you don't have to look at
the key on the memory module you just
look at the location of the sticker and
the most cosmetically appealing side is
usually facing away from the CPU socket
it's one of those things if where if
you're not computer sexual I don't blame
you for not knowing which side of a
memory module is the more attractive one
right memory's in do you remember what's
next I think it would be to either
insult in the case or I think we have to
dismantled my previous computer to oh
yeah you have no storage some of the
stuff yeah cool point of that one all
right let's do it I couldn't help
noticing something over here by the
way you have a PC but you actually go
out of your way to use an Apple keyboard
wait you use time machine hold on a
second where oh there's your MacBook
this isn't even on do you even use this
thing I use it for Rocket League uh
that's about it this is the part I'm the
expert at you unplugging PCI nice power
yeah I guess you do that a lot probably
hundreds of computer is worth he's in
his comfort zone right now
folks well now he's out of it is that
the wrong one I mean you'll have to
remove that one eventually but not now
it's a lot yeah it's a lot harder when
that other one is in the way of it there
you go every time I see a post on Reddit
or on the form or whatever it's like
building communities is like easy it's
just Lego for adults it's like you I
think you're taking for granted all the
things that you have experienced before
like I think if you put a Lego kit in
front of someone with no instructions
yeah yeah building a computer's a belat
like that for people who haven't done it
before and there's like a 100 different
mechanisms for the PCI retention like is
this actually holding in I can't even
see I think it's just brace yeah it is
oh is it like bolt in or just brace you
tell me I actually really like that I
didn't know that main gear used braces
like that to hold their gpus in place
but that's wicked smart oh my
goodness that's just
ludicrous okay is this like standing
desk but you're too cheap to get a
standing desk or like what human right
requires
this he's
like okay I think it might actually be
too tall even for you yeah I was
planning on using two bars so you can
buy in one bar or three bar I have the
one bar uh I probably need a two bar I
will take out a bar okay yeah let's take
out a bar uh we're almost done the uh
bike stand or whatever this thing is it
is a bike stand right this thing it's a
stand yeah like a repair stand listening
I'm going to assume it's a bike stand
it's kind of like the Snap-on of bike
tools oh really so this was like a hey
thanks AMD I wouldn't pay for this
myself kind of purchase yeah but it's
you know nice and sturdy and blue so
like like how much weight can it support
like I'm not done here I'm not done here
yet you're getting distracted again
right just reusing your old solid Drive
uh we've got a phantom Spirit that's
going into Lucas's machine this is going
to be
more than enough to keep that 7800 X 3D
cool I think I was told for clearance
reasons that I need these for clearance
reasons like to the case for the I'm not
sure see there's all the wiring that we
need to build a functioning computer and
then you basically double or triple it
if you want to put any RGB in it and you
I'm fine with RGB oh so we're just not
going to hook it up just run it black
yeah I you see it any we're not going to
be here all day hey look at that Reese's
done the bicycle stand why are you
tightening it up so much it's like you
know that I'm going to try to hang off
it absolutely oh yeah we could put a
bike on it okay so now you can without
like breaking your pore back is this a
fancy bike or is this like this is like
a mid tier not that fancy okay so no
carbon fiber but no no yeah aluminum
it's it's hard to find a really big bike
I was say yeah slim pickings right you
are not building a computer again oh
yeah I want maybe like a bit lower okay
first of all my feet are dangling off
the floor unless I point my toes that
chair's too short for Meo yeah okay and
second of all my eyes are at about this
height um for proper ergonomics your
eyes should be at about this point in
the top of the screen so uh I'll just
adopt Adam sard's computer using
posture well he's going to have to throw
it away then
doesn't fit Jordan says that I have to
talk about the tech it holds lots of
stuff okay you can get our Precision
screwdriver in there I keep some side
Cutters and a pair of pliers I also keep
like a pile of our screwdrivers in here
and the reason that I do that is cuz
they're all color coded for the
different loadouts I have for them this
is my standard bit set this is my
Imperial hex this is my metric hex and
then this one is my specialty so I got
my tri wings uh got all that kind of
stuff in there LTT store.com okay sorry
what do you need I was sure how tight to
make the old oh just go until they don't
go anymore it was
clicking yeah that's fine that's good
it's a good click I think fans next yeah
let's do
fans this is legit one of the hardest
upgrades of because this I know we were
meing it for the intro but also like
acknowledging that it was going to be a
real problem look how far bent over he
is the same posture you guys just watch
he's going to be a wizard with the power
supply cables he's going to plug those
things in so fast so flawlessly give me
that power supply let's
go so that goes in the case now how are
you doing Jordan good we have a lovely
rug for us here to go in oh we got a rug
beautiful where did the rug come from
seems cheap Home Depot I think I don't
know Home Depot nice Jonathan y jonan
Jonathan yeah designer I can just see it
your mom's going to come in next time
she's visit she's going to be like my
goodness is that a Jonathan
AG let's go rean Jordan can you guys um
can you guys help Lucas out here yeah I
don't even know where I want it you just
focus on mounting this power supply you
let you let reys he's got an interior
design background he's got you covered
uh no okay sure expert you can put
anything on your resume that's true I
did okay so did you guys find the the
Lego stuff little
little guys right here cool how you
doing over here wow good progress thank
you power suppli is in there look at
that you even got one modular cable
plugged into it you're tall Luc I want
is it not I don't know you not like it I
was entrusted with the power so I'm
using my power and you just have to
trust Reese trust the process or don't
that's totally
fine sure that's that's he didn't seem
very confident there that was a pretty
pregnant pause there do you want to give
us some thought do you want it over
there
I don't know what do you guys think no
yes I told you what I think let's put it
there it sounds good Beauty good enough
for me you can tell from his tone of
voice he's super happy with this
decision yeah we should plug in some
power cables and stuff first let's see
if you can figure out how to plug in the
power he doesn't have to work with me
day to day so this is probably his
highest dose of me like ever I can't
even get this thing oh that's funny
after all after all my uh ribbing you
you actually like can't plug in the
power supply for testing it's all in a
really flat bored so it's really nice
and easy holy don't look don't look
don't look we're not there yet Lucas
you're looking they told you not to look
we specifically said they said not to
watch don't look well you don't know
can't hurt you yeah the tweedles over
there are really uh TW kind of hard to
look away from right now my mom always
used to do that she'd refer to two of us
as Tweedle D and Tweedle Dum and she'd
never specify which one of us was dumb
in that moment um it was usually mebody
brightens the place up yeah what do you
think it's good it's nice looks level
thank you there was very little
confidence
in this is going to be one of the most
transformative Transformations I think
because we really did start with a very
BL slate I got you this Ultimate Upgrade
oh thank you wow I can put this
somewhere else down yeah I just don't
understand how they're supposed to hold
this in like you see what I mean here
right like what how am I supposed to
where the devil am I supposed to put
this thing you know okay I'm just going
to find a couple spots where it kind of
lines up and just go for
it seems to be the theme
today what are you saying about the fine
work they did mounting that Lego art on
the wall okay well I'm sorry this is the
best I can do you're just going to have
a bundle of cables hanging here above
your
fans there go the standards well yeah
well yeah you told me not to bother
hooking up the RGB anyway didn't you
that's what I spent this whole time
doing I totally for God I
just it's a reflex I just see cables I
hook them up I don't think woo see but
now that you've got the RGB right no
regrets right how could I ever turn
those off yeah exactly there she goes
nice all right perfect well that's great
news you're going to get so many more
FPS in rocket League M okay let's uh
let's continue where hey where do you
want this uh that's just been living on
my desk that actually have I have had
for a little while um probably going to
to stay there for now until I can build
a frame of sort or oh something for it
okay how do you want to log in uh yeah I
guess you'll need a keyboard oh you got
oh we got a new mouse and keyboard oh
wow that is a really good thing these
are the these are from IB power those
are the free ones from Samy's um PC
where that he bought Christmas party
yeah they're awful yeah yeah okay there
you go well I mean you know they're just
worth $10 or something well this is an
upgrade Kyron K2 H Wireless magnetic
switch keyboard kind of shows us kind of
you know just winging it really well you
know I like the Apple chicklet keyboard
so right so basically we ignore any of
your taste and keyboards anyway probably
yeah
okay I mean that sounds a little better
than the Apple keyboard didn't it I
think it sounds nice yeah I like the
Apple keyboard doesn't make any sound at
all
but okay what' you go with for Mouse uh
Razer death UT V3 Pro all right I mean
realistically you play rocket League so
like yeah well it could Branch out I'm
not sure wait you use a controller don't
you for right yeah for good going say if
you're playing rocket league with
keyboard and mouse you're do it wrong
wow yeah no that does look good looks
clean do you not have a mouse pad no
Lucas I got a table
what I don't even have one at work any
either you but Lucas I grant you my on
camera permission to steal a mouse pad
work he's not going to do it even is he
cuz he could have one at his workstation
for nothing but I think I have one in my
closet there's one in the closet yeah
okay well let's go get the mouse pad no
no we need the mouse pad wait you
totally have like one of the really nice
designer Edition LTD mouse
pads
great can't wait to use it okay there
see oh look how much nicer that is see
does that not feel better on the most
not really no but
thanks not minimalist the
accident come on that can't be the
reason we really are a fascinating group
of people what are you trying to
say yeah I'm trying to say that I I get
it Lucas I see you that's what I'm
trying to say I don't I don't know if
I'm minimalist or anything but you know
I just like things clean and organized a
bit you know brother you didn't have a
couch till your mother made you buy one
this would be a fun wow discussion topic
who out of everyone who's gotten an
upgrade so far has had the most serial
killer
Abode be really interested to see the
audience debate it see Lucas would have
nowhere to stash a body right like
nowhere to hide it so under the bed
maybe one of his CL yeah dude are you
seeing this that is so cool I was just
sitting here and it was all like hey
look I'm upside down that is
sick look at it
go so cool whoa no way okay what are we
looking at is this what is this this is
just random patterns of noise like call
it pearlin noise it's a mathematical way
to do got like cloud formations or stuff
like this okay but it's just very
mesmerizing little cat it's a little
loud hey it can be loud yeah depends
like where you put it and stuff it's if
you're just in like a quiet space like
this it's kind of loud could you like
mount it behind like a double pain glass
thing or something you could hide glass
or something
yeah oh no way that is so cool I just
have a bunch of like demos basically all
right you ready to show us your rocket
League
skills that's pretty
cool okay well you're definitely better
than me already you could remember the
controls without having to LIF them up
so that's uh that's a step my son and
his friends do stuff in this game that
I'm just like yeah I'm sure there are
like nine-year-olds that are like
incredibly better than me it fat boy the
Riz God gotcha have you tried being more
of a Riz God cuz then yeah you might
beat him okay casual like 400 FPS I can
see why you don't play on the
PlayStation yeah yeah well also Ultra
wide the PlayStation can't even even do
that I think Playstation still can't do
that not one I used to play like a year
ago at
least really yeah I don't think so I
don't think so how do they there's so
many Ultra wide displays these days
though Ultra wide monitors no's the T TV
thing yeah you put on TV like a ple it's
ironic because so much movie content is
ultra wide you think they would just
have Ultra wide TVs
it's yeah hey TV
manufacturers wake up where's like Ultra
wide TVs you guys are looking for some
excuse to charge a premium in the space
right bring out nobody wants a rolling
TV bring whyde cinematic TV huh you're
welcome
what you you still watch go is the Apple
TV part of the upgrade or no uh I kind
of already owned that but it wasn't set
up before wait yeah what did you even
hook it up to you didn't have a TV
nothing it was in a box in a box so it
was just Apple no
TV this will be my first time hearing
the beam V2 I heard good things about
the original beam there's definitely
frequencies that struggles with battle
you have given us hope man that TV looks
good though got a surprising amount of
Rumble for uh not having a sub it's got
a little bit Yeah I think you can buy
like additional like add-ons like
Bluetooth right yep so yeah you can get
a sub and you can actually get surrounds
as well which if you wanted a bit more
of a like immersive sound that would
help
but it seems like you don't
care you probably have to wall out him
are we really going to keep this rug
like
this I don't
know probably not yeah we'll see how see
how it goes okay cool May I'll move the
coach
closer once we leave and stop
criticizing
him but with that said I don't actually
think there's too much to criticize I
thought this was a super practical
upgrade laser focus PC upgrade adding
that 7800 X 3D getting like 400 frames
per second in rocket League where every
Competitive Edge counts we've got a
really nice upgrade to your bike
stand the bike is needs some work yeah
yeah CBD but dude you went from zero to
actually a pretty sick movie watching
spot so you're going to start with Lord
of the Rings yeah yeah and then uh
Breakfast Club yeah that sounds good I
was ranting about it at lunch no I don't
want to watch it again overrated movie I
finally watched Breakfast Club last
night it was an absolute piece of
garbage literally nothing happens nobody
learns
anything oh no I'm going to get I'm
going to get a talked on the internet um
if you enjoyed this video hey shout out
AMD for sponsor ing the $5,000 AMD
ultimate Tech upgrade series if you guys
are looking for another video to watch
why don't you go check
out
Matthews I was going to throw to someone
else from the lab team but you're the
first one to win one